1. Ask the user how many people they live with:
            if the user lives with fewer than 3 people: print "Live with less than 3 people"
            if the user lives with 3 - 6 people: print "Live with 3 - 6 people"
            if the user lives with more than 6 people: print "Live with "more than 6 people"


2. Create a class named Circle:
            1.1 Ask the user to enter the radius of the circle
            1.1 Calculate the area and perimeter of the circle by using the radius

3. Create a class named GradeReport:
            2.1 Ask the user to enter his/her score
            2.2 Print the grade of the student (A, B, C, D, F)
            2.3 If the user enters an invalid score (negative or more than 100) print "Invalid Score"


4. Create a class named SpeedCheck and write a program for the speed check. 
	A variable named speedLimit is given
	Ask the user to enter the current speed, if the current speed is over the speed limit then print slow down, otherwise do not print anything
        Ex:
            speedLimit = 55;

            Enter current speed:
            105

            output:
            	You're driving 50 mph over the limit. Slow down!


5. Create a class named CentsToDollars, and write a program that can convert cents to dollars
	if there is any remainder include them in the result of cents
            Ex:
                Enter cents
                225

                output:
                225 cents equal to 2 dollars and 25 cents


6. Create a class named MilesToKM, and write a program that can convert Miles to KM
            Ex:
                Enter miles:
                10.0

                output:
                10.0 miles equal to 16.09 kilometers


7. Create a class named PlaceAnOrder:
                Ask the User to enter the product name (multiple words)
                Ask the user to enter the price  (double)
                Ask the user to enter the quantity (int)
                Ask the user to enter their first name (String, single word)

            Print in the following format: 
                Ex: 
                    Input: "Apples" , 1.5, 5. "Luke"

                    Output: 
                        Luke, your order for 5 Apples has been places. Your total is 7.5.

8. Create a class named StockMarket: 
        - Ask the user how many total shares they have already? (int)
            -> If the user gives 0 or give a negative number none of the rest condition should be executed 

        - Ask the user how much their total value in the stock market is (double)
        - Ask the user to enter the name of the company they have the most shares in (String, multiple words)
        
        - Print in the following format: 
            Ex: 
                inputs: 100, 25000, Apple INC

            "Your total stock market holding is $25000 which is made up of 100 shares. Apple INC is your company holdings"


9. Create a class named Calculator:
		- Ask the user to enter the first number (double)
		- Ask the user to enter a math operator (char)
		- Ask the user to enter the second number

		- print the calculation result, 
		- if the operator is not a valid math operator (+, -, *, /), then print "Invalid entry"


10. Create a class named SalaryCalculator:
		- Ask the user to enter his/her hourly rate
		- Ask the user how many hours he/she works in a week
		- Ask the user to enter state tax (in percentage)
		- Ask the user to enter federal tax (in percentage)

         -Calculate the:
                   salary
                   State tax
                   federalTax
                   Total tax
                   Net income


11. Create a class called MyInfo. Write a program that can ask the user to:
            1. Enter your age (int)
            2. Enter your gender (String- One word ONLY)
            3. Enter your full name (String- Multiple words)
            4. Enter your phone number (long)
            5. Enter your zip code (int)
            6. Enter your School name (String- Can be Multiple words)
            7. Enter your city name (String- Can be Multiple words)
            8. Enter your state name (String- One word ONLY)
            9. Enter your building number (int)
            10. Enter your Street name

        MAKE SURE USER CAN ENTER ALL THE INPUT

        Display all the inputs that the user entered in the following order in separate lines:

            1. full name
            2. age
            3. gender
            4. phone number
            5. address:
                        buildingNumber Street
                        City, State ZipCode

            6. school name







